so
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's a one man show.
I'm still trying to, I thought I would, at least I didn't start out the show by saying I think I got it because I don't still got it yet.
But I know exactly the transition I'm trying to accomplish, but I keep
forgetting that there's three buttons in that one move.
Usually there's only two buttons because of my setup, but now because of the extra trick I'm trying to do with this overlay, and now I can't switch back, and non-overlay, and I have to do this transition again, sorry about that.
The logo on the hat is actually Bethel Park High School, the Bethel Park Blackhawks.
The high school where Matthew Crooks went to high school and the high school where my son goes to high school now.
Yes, that's the hat.
This is Giga Home Biological, where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media, and we love our neighbors.
We know their names.
We talk to them.
Today just happens to be the day during the week.
It's not always Tuesday or Wednesday or whatever, but today's the day that I've decided to do the Right Now Show, because the Right Now Show really is about right now, like what's happening now and how can we really process it.
The social media military operation under whose spell we have fallen, under whose enchantment we are operating, has actually bamboozled us into thinking on very short time horizons.
And that means that we can't see the bigger picture for what it is, especially with regard to the history of these actors for whom this performance is their lives, for whom this performance is their livelihood.
and for whom for rather for our governance is what their their whole theater is for so today I just wanted to bring to your attention the fact that Dana White had been on and I said white like whip because it's a family guy joke but Dana White was just on 60 Minutes yesterday
And Bobby, Donnie, Albert, Marty, and Mohamed gave a press conference yesterday.
And so the Right Now show is usually about today or yesterday.
And it's just because things are moving so fast and the fire hose is on so strong that it's really hard to pay attention to anything else but the fire hose.
But of course, the way to not pay attention to the fire hose is just take your head out of the way of it.
And that is social media.
You've got to get off of it.
Otherwise, you're going to drown.
You're waterboarding yourself mentally.
You're really waterboarding yourself mentally.
And then if I have the time, which I intend to have, then we will get all the way to the second half of that front line from 2015 that we left off with on Monday, which I think is a vital
sneak peek, if you will, or retrospective into how we got here and what actors are in front of us now versus then.
And most importantly, and I can't stress this enough, you have to evaluate these actors on the basis of their ability or lack of progress.
If they cannot progress,
both in their understanding and in their ability to message.
In other words, if you meet somebody with a good idea that doesn't have an elevator pitch 10 years ago and then you meet them 10 years later and they have the exact same crappy elevator pitch with no
advancing whatsoever.
You know, basically if you met somebody that was selling shoes back in the nineties and they said that my idea is just do it.
And that's how I'm going to say it all the time.
And then in, in, you met him in 2025 and they were like, yeah, I'm just, I'm just trying to get that just do it thing to catch on.
They have not, they have not, they have not, they have not progressed.
So yeah.
This channel is about the biology that underlies the, let's say, the intellectual basis for the trap that we are in.
It's not that we are just in a trap about biology, but much of the mythology that traps modern society's citizens
in an illusion of consensus about the dangers that they face on a daily basis, on a weekly basis, and from a lifetime perspective, is solely controlled by what I would best think, best characterized as a military social control program suite
So just like if you buy the Adobe Creative Suite and you get Illustrator and Photoshop and I don't know, Media Encoder and InDesign and I can't name them all because I don't use them all.
But I do have the suite and so I know what I'm talking about when I say you get all these possible programs because they all come together as one collective creative package.
And I would suggest to you that social media is nothing more than the same thing
but from a military social control perspective.
And it is your own acquiescence to subscribing to each one of these platforms that allows them to extract behavioral data and data about what you're curious about, what you search for, your habits, when you're online, how often, what you buy, all of these things, including what will distract you based on, you know, the random things that they throw in front of you and then you click on.
Like it or not, years of participation in that system has already made all of us very vulnerable to it.
And that's how they pulled off the pandemic.
They fractured us intellectually and made it seem like there were only really two camps in America.
But in reality, there were lots more than that.
And those individual islands of intellectual isolation, we were numb to it.
But now that we're in these little isolated bubbles of intellectual isolation that just because by they are designed militarily, each of these little narrative bubbles has a lot of overlap.
And so even when we talk to people who aren't in our specific bubble, there's a lot of overlap and the illusion of consensus that there's really two basic groups in America is sustained, even though
within the conservative movement and within the left movement or whatever you want to name these two things that don't exist, there are probably nearly, you know, hard to quantify how many groups of people they've created on the internet and can maintain and more importantly monitor how you move between them.
And as long as you're interacting with people on social media, there is no other way to conceive your experience on social media other than you are moving between invisible groups of narrative controllers, the bots that support them and the algorithmic programming that supports them.
And you can probably move between these virtual attractor states so that if you end up following, I don't know,
Ryan Cole and Dr. Drew, and I'm just trying to come up with some random combination of people.
It can be an intellectual attractor state that's just fine until you figure out that Brett Weinstein doesn't agree with those people, and then you can move into another group of people who essentially add up to an attractor state that will reinforce one another and argue with each other and keep you there.
And all the while, it's sustained this illusion that this is the conservative populist side that generally agrees to support Trump, and this is the liberal democratic side.
But every single topic, as Jason just tweeted, has a managed attractor.
Right?
It has a number of pivot points that intellectually are managed by these people.
And if you, like me, didn't see it in the beginning and couldn't conceive of the idea that there would be this whole symphonic chorus of people that would be on a script that would be so well-written that you could just bounce around within it.
But that's what I did.
So naive was I, and so good at penetrating these groups of people with, you know, good biological questions, that they ended up as a group of people juggling me over the last six years and exposing themselves as one more or less coordinated scripted unit that ultimately is behind Skyhorse Publishing, the
populist movement that Steve Bannon claims to be one of the architects of CHD and ICANN and the anti-vax movement that has morphed into this health freedom or Maha movement.
It's all one malevolent show that probably could be best characterized as a bunch of people that are Democrats at heart that decided to sell out their country for whatever the Democratic Party is.
I don't think the Democratic Party is just one half of something or other.
It's been taken over by something, but I don't wanna, I'm not that guy.
I'm just, it ain't Epstein.
It ain't the Epstein Island story and people being controlled by blackmail because like an aircraft carrier, the United States government is too complicated of a human operation to be controlled by dirty pictures and drugs and that kind of thing.
more complicated than that.
So we've got a group of people that have collectively worked together to create the illusion, to create the illusion that there's a Democratic and Republican party vying for power, yada yada yada, when in reality it's probably all a bunch of sellouts.
And if the sellout started out with their hive in the Democratic Party and then spread to the Republican Party, does it really matter at this point whether it's Republican or Democrat that started it?
Not really.
I mean, it's American history.
But if you want the brass tacks of how to get out of this, you have to understand that at some moment in time, there became a national security initiative and priority and incentive
to control the politics of America so that irrespective of who was elected, the main objectives of the national security state would remain the same.
And more importantly, anything that was of a national security priority high enough to keep secret would mean that you definitely wouldn't want to have it, let's say, put in jeopardy by getting the wrong guy elected.
And so you kind of just have to do the math in your head and realize that you've always suspected that something wasn't right.
And now you just have to walk all the way to the end of that, to the logical conclusion that there is a real, a real multi-generational national security initiative and priority, which supersedes the need for free elections at this point.
And they decided that after World War II and after the dropping of the atomic bomb,
Now, irrespective of whether you agree with Mark Kulak and Eddie Bravo that actually nuclear weapons aren't real, but just an elaborate illusion, it doesn't change the fact that at that point there was this impetus in American history and a story is being reinforced even now with movies that Mark has shown us that this idea is being used to motivate people.
This idea is being used as a foundational motivation for people's ideas of how they conceive the world and therefore how they excuse the behavior of actors in the world as well.
And so not that dissimilar to pandemics and the idea of gain-of-function viruses or the idea of natural pandemic viruses that are waiting in bat caves.
It is a foundational idea that allows people to justify behavior, justify decisions, justify lying to people who aren't sophisticated enough to understand.
their motives, which go back to the 50s again and the 60s, where they described it very well, that it's time that we take the control of the evolution of the species.
We've got to realize that, you know, God has given us this knowledge and we need to act on it.
And from their perspective, acting on it means taking control of the evolution of the species by any means necessary, including genetic engineering and eugenics and the prevention of interbreeding or whatever other concepts these people have had in the background and been fighting about and discussing.
There's a lot of human history here, a lot of human history tied up in this, and it's all been sort of hidden.
hidden by stories about, I don't know, space lasers that can destroy buildings and scary countries that are in the desert and can control the world with, again, a web of spies and blackmail and, I guess, naked pictures and stuff.
So it's crazy because I don't think that the world works as it works because there are a few rich guys who like young girls.
I just don't think that.
It's not that explanation at all.
It's much different than that.
This is a orchestrated show because there are national security priorities that cannot be disturbed because somebody gets elected.
And therefore, the election of these people is no longer left to chance.
The people that rise there and are allowed to get there are already past muster.
They've already shown that they're in the project.
And what's the project?
That's the trick.
That's the question.
What project could possibly be prioritized in this way?
And what biological working parts would it have?
Cause it ain't nukes.
I don't know, we'll get there someday.
I'll be able to start this show really short someday.
I don't even know what happened there.
What did I just talk for 12 minutes?
Gee whiz, monkey boy.
All right, I'll be back in a second.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I should have played this yesterday, of course, but I'm going to pause this for a minute.
The trick here is to realize that b3's b3 cubed which happened at the cubby bear
In Chicago, I think B cubed was on Wednesday nights.
And so I really feel like although This Freddie Jones band song has a as a lyric very clear, you know Tuesday morning It's actually a song that Nathan and I would have heard at the cubby bear live by this band on a Wednesday night and so
That's my excuse for not being here yesterday and playing it yesterday and instead playing it today.
But anyway, this is just a brief, you know, it's a it's a song that takes a little while to play.
So obviously it is a
Where is this slide?
Oh, yeah, right there.
It's a song that'll take five minutes and then we'll start the show.
And I believe I'm starting with the first video right away before I go to the intro.
So I've already done the intro twice.
So I don't know what the heck I'm talking about.
Anyway, here we go.
Play it, play it, play it.
Thank you
Did they mute me already?
See, that's annoying.
Whatever.
I'm not going to play that now.
Nathan will understand why I'm not playing it now.
I just want to get started and get out of here on time.
Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
It is, again, you know, you can ask me how I know that these people are scripted actors, but it's because I chased them around for five years.
I trusted a lot of them.
I had personal relationships with them where I really feel like at this point the best way to characterize what these people did very willingly is they
They lied to me.
I was even lucky enough to be lied to by Robert Malone in concert with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Meryl Ness, Jessica Rose, and Tess Laurie.
They're all scripted actors on a need-to-know basis.
And that's why there's a movie where we actually have Robert Malone in the same movie as the Nobel Prize winners and Tony Fauci, as if he's just some dude, when in fact he is exactly as important as the rest of them, because he's one half.
of the kind of crew.
I'm absolutely certain that Robert Malone is a traitor to my grandkids.
I'm absolutely certain that Kevin McKernan is a traitor to my grandkids.
I'm absolutely certain that Meryl Nass is a traitor to my grandchildren and that Brian Hooker is a fraud.
And unfortunately, I'm very sure that Robert F. Kennedy Jr., best case scenario, is a scripted actor who doesn't know any better
and just knows that he's part of a national security state operation and therefore sees whatever he's doing as paramount.
That's all I got for you, friends.
It's that bad.
America is under the control of actors and if you want to help and you're not in America, stop thinking that Robert Malone, I'm sorry, stop thinking that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Jay Bhattacharya and Donald Trump are changing things because they are actors.
Just like these people are actors and they don't have to know.
They just have to be.
They just have to be willing to go along with the script.
Especially the people that don't understand the biology, they don't need to know.
He knows.
That guy knows.
She doesn't know.
She can't possibly know, otherwise she wouldn't have accepted the Nobel Prize.
I didn't think it would work.
They take that technology, tweak it a little bit to make it work in the COVID vaccines.
It's absolutely absurd, of course.
And that's the reason why I know that these people are national security actors.
That's how I know.
They've all tried to lie to me.
They've all tried to fool me.
Even Jimmy Dore is just a scripted actor, and he knows for sure that I know.
Look at that photograph with me and him and my wife.
Like, this is not a joke.
I am accusing these people of selling out America.
Jimmy Dore is selling out America.
Whitney Webb is a fraud.
Jay Bhattacharya, the NIH,
director.
I, as a father of three and a long-time academic biologist living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, specifically in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, no I'm not afraid to say it, just a few blocks away where supposedly Matthew Crooks lived,
I am coming out publicly and trying to get a hold of any newspaper that will listen that these people are frauds.
They have to be.
And more importantly, that means they're treasonous.
They're guilty.
They're traitors.
They're not working for the American public.
They are infiltrators of sorts because they are not who they say they are.
These frauds tricked me long enough to get my name in their fricking book.
And I'm ashamed of it.
I would be interested in pursuing any legal recourse to the amount of tarnishment that this has done to my professional and personal reputation now that I understand the extent to which these people are frauds.
And I can tell you exactly how they defrauded me.
At some point during the writing of the book, I told the whole staff of the book that Robert Malone was a fraud.
And they went so far as to take him off the reading list of the edited, the editing, the live document in a, I guess, an attempt to make it seem like I had some effect on them.
But then Robert Malone is still on the back of that book as saying that it was great.
Robert Malone was one of the final readers of the book during the final phases, along with Merrill Nass.
And so they lied to me.
They lied to me to get my name in that book, they paid me long enough that I'm in that book, and they made me sign something, I guess, to make sure that my name would be in that book, but they also tried to get me to sign something when I left CHD and accept $8,000 to do it, and I did not.
Which means I'm very happy to tell you that CHD is also a very fraudulent organization and therefore taking money from Americans via donation as a non-profit and they are guilty of fraud.
They are paying their salaries out, and they are very high salaries.
They're not like, you know, volunteers that are giving up everything.
These people get a quarter million dollars a year to do a Zoom meeting or two a week, and they're all happy to do it.
They know they haven't accomplished anything.
They know that they were essentially some kind of Trojan horse organization to get some kind of grassroots support for that clown over there, who's definitely just a fraud.
He's an actor.
who somebody whispered in his ear a long time ago and has been whispering in his ear ever since.
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't want to be this person, but I believed all of them.
I tried hard to believe in all of them, to give them all the benefit of the doubt.
And that's why I have all these selfies.
Because I worked hard over the last six years.
I mean hard, and thereby making them work even harder.
Maybe even to a certain small, tiny extent, something about what we talk about or something about what we argue about would have never been part of the allowable discourse had it not been for my work.
I can never tell you what that would be.
But I can assure you one of the reasons why no one still to this day uses the word transfection, which is on like so many of his papers in his CV, and so many of the papers upon which the supposed patents that he has up on the wall are based, their titles say transfection.
And so the United States has been bamboozled under the pretense of intellectual property reset.
One of the cheapest things you can say about it.
But it's really about patent reset and idea reset about a technology that's only now become sort of feasible in the sense of cheap, feasible in the sense of, you know, small scale personalized batches, achievable in the sense of the Human Genome Project has finally, you know, made us able to make RNA and DNA cheaply enough.
They're ready to make the transition to transfecting people to see if we can learn anything about our genomes, to see if we can, that we can, I don't know, make any progress.
It's really bad, ladies and gentlemen.
These people are not real people.
It is a very orchestrated set of scripted actors, which essentially now perform on podcasts and late night talk shows.
And late night talk shows are also podcasts, so it's kind of like, whatever.
And they're all part of the show, from the low level all the way up.
And these people are all just auditioning to climb the ladder.
You don't think Kim Iverson would really, really, really, really, really like to be Jimmy Kimmel?
You don't think Dr. Drew would really, really, really, really, really like to be Jimmy Kimmel?
You don't think somebody like, I don't know, let's pick one over here.
Ryan Cole, you don't think Ryan Cole would like to be, I don't know, governor of Idaho?
Kevin McKernan, you don't think Kevin McKernan wants to make another hundred million dollars from cancer research and weed?
Personalized weed?
I don't know, cannabinoids that are personalized and designer cannabinoids?
What about the head of the wellness company?
What's he want for his future?
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
Don't use Tylenol.
You gotta ask yourself, why do we have Donald Trump?
Why do we have these videos available for, and these clips available for Jimmy Kimmel to just stomp him the day after, the day after he was supposedly suspended, he's able to stomp on him with this video?
Don't give Tylenol to the baby.
Don't give your baby Tylenol.
That's by design.
Don't take Tylenol.
That's fifth generation warfare, ladies and gentlemen.
Don't take it.
So that's it.
There's nothing much to say.
Don't take Tylenol.
Just don't take it.
And I just say it again.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
He holds no championship belt, but Dana White is the most prominent and pugnacious figure in the UFC, the ultimate fighting championship.
The CEO slash hype man is the embodiment of the league itself, long on unapologetic force, short on precious formality, intoxicating to some and acquired taste to others.
And much like the UFC, White has penetrated the defense of.
I think it's important to watch 60 minutes because 60 minutes gave us
George Webb and Peter Daszak and the Wuhan games in February because Robert Malone also gave us George Webb in his sub stack sharing the link to the CBS original show Because 60 minutes minutes gave us gave us Peter Daszak years ago because 60 minutes gave us Nathan Wolfe and
because 60 Minutes gave us SARS, because 60 Minutes gave us the swine flu.
60 Minutes is important because this is kind of the government brochure for a lot of these things.
60 Minutes gave us Alex Karp.
60 Minutes gave us that guy from Endereel.
What's his name?
Lucky Palmer or some bullshit like that.
60 Minutes introduces us to a lot of the characters that are in the American comic book modern history.
And I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that you might want to view a lot of these people
as comic book characters in a scripted American history, where the numbers are crazy, and the women are crazy, and the drugs are flowing, and the cars are lavish, you know, kind of like a Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous thing.
And then it's a comic book about modern American history, and everybody would be in there.
And you can imagine it, right?
Because that's essentially where we are now, where all of these people agree that Donald Trump is a once in a millennium leader, similar to Genghis Khan or Aristotle.
And around him are all kinds of people who are just like that.
You know, a bunch of mini Jesuses.
Like if you listen to Peter or Hegseth and what he said and what he says he prays every day, he's the D.O.D.
Jesus.
It's kind of remarkable how
Willy nilly, these people are able to invoke God in their faith.
You know, it's kind of like putting on a Cubs hat and saying that I've always been a fan of the Wrigley Field Bombers, you know, and pretending like you know what you're talking about, even though no one ever calls them that.
It's really scary right now where we are, because you got to start to be honest with yourself.
And the more faith in God,
and in the sacred that you have, irrespective of the form that it takes, you must see through their fake faith.
And that's the only way that I can say it, and I really feel sort of an urge to say it, because you have to be able to see that some people do not have faith.
They have conviction in something, and they have so much conviction in something that they are willing to lie about the Lord.
They are willing to lie about Jesus.
And I'm afraid that right now we are in a time in human history where we need to take that very seriously.
We need to take it very seriously for the simple fact that the other side is able to, somehow or another, the left,
is able to not take the faith of the conservative side as performed on stage, is unable to take that faith seriously.
But we aren't.
And that's the part of this malevolent trap, is that on the left, they're very respectful of faith.
But they are very okay with their ability to see that there's a huge contradiction with the idea that Donald Trump is supposedly a guy of faith, but then he behaves and says the things that he says.
With the track record that he has, with the people that he hung out with.
Now, I'm nuts.
Everybody's Doesn't have their history right right now.
They're all distorted So I get that but once you're arguing that Trump is not as bad as these people think it is you're already trapped Because that's the game It's all one theater.
And as long as you're arguing about the actors on stage, it doesn't matter what your opinion is.
I
And so if you can get into the mental discipline of not defending the people on stage, but just watching them and evaluating the contradictions that they represent, you'll be able to painlessly watch.
That's what I wanna try and teach people to do with regard to social media is painlessly watch it as a distorted window, but a very predictably distorted window.
because it's distorted in a way that reflects human biology and human behavior and human psychology.
And so once you understand it as a military social control suite that is specifically designed to provoke people, motivate people in particular directions, then you will look at it with that filter.
So as we watch 60 Minutes and look at it with that filter, what do we see from 60 Minutes just a day ago?
Mainstream culture.
moving in from the fringes to join the ultra-rich, serve on the board of META, and befriend the current president.
A small disclosure.
We've been speaking with White for years about his appearing on this broadcast.
A heavyweight disclosure.
This was before Paramount Skydance, parent company of CBS, recently paid almost $8 billion for the UFC's media rights.
Yes, cage fighting on network television.
Perhaps the ultimate sign of how far this sport and its no-holds-barred leader have come.
The story will continue in a moment.
In this story, Arthur, they will say that the UFC sold for $4 billion.
Two.
Ha ha ha.
Oh!
Do you see?
Baron Yevsky!
Wow.
Whoa.
Are you serious?
Tuesday night's all right for fighting.
We sat outside the Octagon for Dana White's Contender Series, a streaming show that doubles as the UFC's farm system.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If the fighters entertain White, like this first-round knockout artist, he rewards them with a UFC contract.
Good fight.
Thank you very much.
Incredible.
An invitation by the big boss to the big show.
White is chief author of the greatest sports business story of this century, maybe ever.
And so just think about those words again.
I'm not accusing Dana White of being fake.
I just want you to think about what those words mean, because those are very similar words that Alex Karp and Peter Thiel just had this idea to start this company with some vague, vague, vague, vague word, vague word, vague word and vague word.
about how people know things or about how people can see their databases or some shit like that.
And now these guys are billionaires and have all the secret meetings and stuff and stuff.
And something just doesn't compute with a 15 minute presentation about how some goofy dipshit like Alex Karp is where he is, or how some gay guy like Peter Thiel is where he is.
And they never do a 60 minute story about the Gawker thing where
You know, Peter Thiel funded the lawyers that were behind Hulk Hogan and ultimately put a put an internet company out of business just because they outed him as gay.
They're going to do a story about how great he is or how smart he is, or maybe how he's the Antichrist.
So 60 Minutes is now doing a story about the greatest sports story ever told.
And that's financially, or from a capitalist perspective, or from an economic perspective, it's pretty remarkable.
He bought the UFC for $2 million and turned it into a $4 billion sale.
And we're supposed to believe, which is possible, but we are supposed to swallow entirely the idea that that is possible for anyone.
You know, anyone that went to high school with two guys that inherited, I don't know, a fortune from casinos, I guess, it's possible.
I don't know exactly the narrative, but let's just watch.
Oh, that looks good.
In his 30s, he helped buy the UFC, then a renegade cage fighting operation for $2 million.
UFC!
Now 56, he runs a global league valued at more than $15 billion, 675 fighters under contract.
A brutal mashup that includes kickboxing, wrestling, and jujitsu.
Fire away.
You know me, man.
You've known me for a long time.
Fire away.
I don't give a ****.
You've known me for a long time?
What does that mean?
Now, if you didn't hear the start of this because it was playing too fast, he's on the board of meta.
business is built more on White's force of personality than on a traditional playbook.
We met him at UFC headquarters in Las Vegas.
Whenever I read stories about the business of UFC, I literally laugh and say nobody knows anything about the business.
It's probably totally true.
Nobody knows where the funding came from.
Nobody probably knows how he spent it.
Nobody probably knows whether he bribed anybody.
And again, I'm not accusing him of anything in particular, but what I want you to see is that that statement alone could mean a lot of shit.
and including a lot of gangster shit.
And this guy really projects a gangster vibe.
And so it's not crazy to think that within the nature of masculinity that Dana White is supposed to represent, there's also a, you know, no holds barred, all's fair in love and war, and war is life, you know, kind of thing.
What is everyone missing?
For 25 years, people have been trying to figure it out and people have been trying to do it.
Someone told me it all starts with Dana's gut.
That's absolutely true.
I don't know who told you that, but that's right.
We got a sellout crowd here, 5,000 people.
It was his gut.
See, so I don't think that he always was in place, right?
I mean, I don't think, but at some point he may have been recruited.
Right?
At some point, Pierre Corey was recruited.
At some point, Peter McCullough was recruited.
At some point, Jessica Rose was recruited.
Because at some point, Jessica Rose was a teenager.
And she wasn't doing this.
At some point in time, all of these people were recruited.
So you don't have to go all the way back to, you know, when people were in high school to find out that they went to the Dalton school.
Although it is pretty funny that Mark found out that Jennifer Grey went to the Dalton school.
And then that's the reason why Charlie Sheen got into Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
But I digress.
Sorry.
But that got him into the game.
He managed boxers in Boston, then fighters in Vegas in the fledgling sport of MMA, mixed martial arts.
When White caught wind UFC's owners were out of money, his first call went to two high school buddies, Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta, Las Vegas casino heirs.
I said, hey Frankie, hey Lorenzo, I got a great idea, come over here.
I think they're going out of business.
We could probably buy this thing and we should.
The Fertittas put up the money.
Oh, I needed to do a Boston accent.
I totally blew that.
Sorry about that.
Got 10%, but he had to run the damn thing.
The UFC wasn't just unprofitable.
There's no mob, and there's no mob in Las Vegas.
That's ridiculous.
But I mean, in Boston?
That's crazy talk.
Boy, it was largely unsanctioned.
In February 2001, White needed a home for the first fight of his regime.
None of the venues wanted this.
They didn't believe in it.
They didn't like it.
And they were worried about the type of crowd that would show up for this type of event.
He found hospitality at the Taj Mahal in Atlantic City, then owned by a familiar fight fan, Donald Trump.
When the Trump brand was here and the UFC brand was down there, he saw it and said, I'd love to have this at my... So what are we talking about with old friends again?
What do we say with old friends?
That they're able to pull things off that, you know, people that don't have that level of trust could pull off.
You know, you could get in an argument, you could speak out against one another and no trusting that we're still, you know, buddies.
And the bigger the stage, the more show business there is.
Can you imagine the idea that Dana White and Donald Trump got together and came up with some ideas about how to inflate both of their images?
You can't imagine that these two guys might not, I mean, he produces a, a,
a series of fights where they, you know, everybody comes in with rock music and fireworks and a video behind them.
And you don't think he's thinking about marketing.
You don't think Donald Trump is thinking about, see what I mean?
And it goes all the way back to the Trump Taj Mahal.
Beautiful.
You know, he showed up the first prelim fight of the night.
and stayed till the main event was over.
He watched the whole card?
Watched the whole card.
What did the balance sheets look like back in those early days?
I mean, it was so bad that at one point, Lorenzo called me and said, Dana, I can't keep doing this, man.
I'm literally blowing all my family's money.
And obviously that night, I'm thinking, we're done.
It's a wrap.
This is over.
And he calls me the next day, and literally this is what he said to me.
Let's keep going.
So they did.
It's weird.
I don't know.
Sometimes I have the feeling that literally is a giveaway.
The more you use that word, the more likely it is that you're telling a story that isn't true.
I don't know how to say it any more succinctly than that.
I think that's a giveaway word.
Do you want to be a fighter?
A reality series and its storylines help draw in millions of fans.
obviously a massive massive accomplishment electric matchups and joe rogan on the mic kept it rolling oh he's done he's done from the beginning white imposed his will just asked the guys in the live tv production truck that didn't follow his door now of course it also involves joe rogan and we're all well aware of that but it's an interesting additional layer to the
to the pastrami sandwich that we're building here.
I'm not suggesting that this is the, you know, the piece of the puzzle that makes everything else fit together, but it's definitely somewhere on the table and it does fit together.
And unfortunately, because of so many other connections that we've found, this starts to become quite significant in my humble opinion.
And again, it doesn't mean that Dana White is in on it from a human genome perspective and that he's smoking cigars with Kevin McKernan looking at, you know, data or something like that.
I just mean that, you know, it's a network of friends, a network of oligarchs, a network of, of, of.
financially able people that have the financial means to have a public image that is managed and can be leveraged.
It's not to say that these people aren't smart.
I don't think that if Donald Trump and you or Donald Trump and I could sit in a room that we would be mystified by his idiocy within an hour.
I don't think that's true.
I bet you we would have a very fascinating conversation with the guy because I don't think it's possible that any of the people that are playing us like this are idiots.
I just think they are so thoroughly trained and so thoroughly a part of something that it would be hard for them to see it.
They've been participating for so long, and more importantly, we can't be right about everything.
We're making a educated guess after years of trying to understand what it is that these people are doing and after years of slowly figuring it out that they're not doing what they say they were doing and who's they?
It's all of these people that are loosely associated with Donald Trump and including him.
It just seems like a bunch of very disingenuous actors.
that whenever they need to, they invoke God or the Lord.
And it's weird, because they're wrong about so much stuff.
And they've talked smack about so much stuff, but they're not right about it.
And so could we just be a bunch of lemmings being controlled?
I think it's possible.
Reaction.
I literally got up from my seat, went back there and kicked the door open to the truck.
They just obeyed the boss.
Yeah.
Kicked the door open to the truck.
You know, I was basically like, you ever do this again, I'm firing every one of you.
Long story short, we ended up firing everybody.
I mean, see, we're not learning anything about him at all.
I don't even know what that means.
It's not even significant.
At least when Alex Karp was interviewed on 60 Minutes all those years ago, he said that he went and studied how people know things, you know, like, and that already tells you what he means.
He wants to know how people know things so that he can make them know something else.
It's been an honor calling your fight, sir.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
By 2016, the sport sanctioned in every state.
Isn't that guy running for president of Ireland?
I mean, come on.
The UFC sold for $4 billion on the condition White stay on as CEO.
President Trump still routinely shows up at UFC fights, but now makes a grand entrance.
The relationship that he and I have, and when we get together and I have dinner with him, we don't talk politics.
What do you talk about?
We talk about goofy guy stuff that all guys talk about.
You know what I mean?
Like what?
We talk about Rocky movies.
We talk about different fights that have happened.
That's a real samurai.
White's office is a shrine to guy stuff, the mother of all man caves.
This is a piece of art that represents war.
War is all about money.
You once used a term with me that I quoted you on.
This is a piece of art.
I mean... I'm pretty sure that's kind of a... It's kind of a... I mean... The wussification of America.
I think I said... But, yeah, I get it.
We're on 60 minutes, yeah.
Has the pendulum swung the other way?
I feel like it's starting to.
Cage fighting has always celebrated male bravado.
But White is intent that more women than ever follow the sport.
He bristles at the suggestion that UFC fandom is taking on new edge.
You don't think there's this cultural movement.
It's a lot of guys, call it the manosphere, you're one of the leaders.
You don't talk about
knowing your fan base.
Again, this is enchantment.
This is actually casting a spell right now that there is some kind of movement.
of young men that follows him, that follows, I don't know, maybe they read Jordan Peterson's book and now they're putting their big boy pants on and taking responsibility, making their bed.
But the idea, again, is that there is such a movement and that is the enchantment.
Any movement that they're talking about that has anything to do with him being a leader is because of social media and the collective effort to make it so.
Knowing who they are.
Who are they?
18 to 34-year-old males and growing global.
We are definitely unapologetically masculine.
Can this bubble over to too much?
When you hear toxic masculinity, what do you mean?
What's that mean?
You tell me.
No.
You just said it.
What's the definition of toxic?
How can somebody be too masculine?
I wonder if, I don't know, whipping yourself in the street with large groups of men, is that too much, is that too masculine?
Would raping and pillaging a village be too masculine?
Would taking slaves of different races because you find them sexually enticing and want some concubines, would that be too masculine?
I don't know, would sleeping with children be too masculine?
I mean, how do we define what they're talking about here?
Because there is nothing here.
You're supposed to fill that in with whatever your definition of masculinity is.
So if your definition of masculinity extends all the way to,
you know, raping a village, then I guess there is too much and there can be toxic masculinity, or maybe not.
Maybe this guy thinks that's just on the spectrum of masculinity and society can't have too much.
Do you see how screwed up that question is?
Nevermind how that answered.
Wow.
Is that a possibility?
Can you be too masculine?
Do you tell me?
No.
Do you think so?
The answer is hell no.
Hang out with Dana White in Vegas, and odds are good you'll end up here at the Bellagio.
Hi, how are you guys?
Good to see you.
Thank you.
I mean, any intelligent conversation about masculinity would start by defining it.
And that's the reason why you can see this is bullshit, why it's really exquisite fifth-generation warfare.
because it fits everybody.
It's like a hat that anybody can put on.
And if you like, I don't know, if you like the brill here, and then you can put it in the front.
If you like the brill in the back, you can also do it that way.
And so if you think masculinity, if you think masculinity means this or that or the other, and so it's totally a magic spell.
that ends up with the vast majority of people who are watching think that that's a valid discussion, a valid concept, and that everybody kind of more or less agrees about what masculinity is, and therefore it's only a question of whether too much of it is toxic.
Regular, he's plied with whiskey and a cigar before heading to a private Baccarat table.
In this city, nothing is off limits.
How much are we betting here?
I mean, why does he say that?
Because, again, he's laying down a little bit of a narrative here that, you know, the rich people can do whatever they want, almost anything they want, because they can't bet more than $400,000 a hand on Baccarat.
The $400,000 hand?
Mm-hmm.
Because these sissies won't give me a million a hand.
A few hands in, fortune was not in his corner.
No bueno.
So they bleeped out pussification, but they didn't bleep out goddammit?
That's actually what just happened on 60 Minutes in 2025.
They bleeped out pussification, but they didn't bleep out goddammit.
Did you catch that?
We're down a million, 240.
You heard right.
He was down $1.2 million.
What's this feeding in you?
I'm a sick, sick guy.
That's the only explanation I can give you.
Not 10 minutes later.
Boom, let's go.
Come on, where's the steaks?
He was cashing out up $700,000.
Wait, so he won $700,000 and then the way it works is that they give you $700,000 in cash?
Are you freaking shitting me?
That's the stupidest thing I've ever seen on television.
And this is actually in 2025.
Is he gonna put it in his little gay backpack here and carry it out?
Are you shitting me?
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen.
What's he gonna do?
Go pay for the taxi now?
He's gonna hand these out?
He's gonna keep it off book?
What is implied here other than something really obviously dumb?
Holy shit is that dumb.
This is how we do it.
It's not.
It's definitely not how you do it.
That is so dumb.
Oh my gosh.
His gut proved golden once again in August when Paramount Skydance outbid others
and offered the UFC $7.7 billion over seven years for U.S.
media rights, putting the UFC right up there with other major sports leagues.
You still have 10% of this enterprise?
I have a deal here that would make Roger Goodell and every other guy go, holy s**t.
Meaning what?
I got a damn good deal.
Listen man, this business has worked just fine.
The model isn't broken.
You know, I love when people who have no idea what they're talking about.
One question that hounds white.
Here we go round two.
Does enough of the UFC's big money see its way to the fighters?
The big stars can make millions per fight.
But so called bottom of the card fighters are paid as little as $12,000.
Earlier this year, the UFC settled a class action antitrust lawsuit with fighters.
To me, that doesn't bother me.
It's completely irrelevant.
Thinking about it as a one-on-one basketball league where the top of the card, one-on-one basketball games, the winner gets, I don't know,
a million dollars and there's a best best game of the night thing where you get a $25,000 bonus then getting $12,000 to train as a one-on-one basketball player with you know that's not that bad I mean you know you could imagine bartending and training on the side for a while until everything works out where you make your big break but
To me, this part of the thing is irrelevant.
It's just a question of what have they allowed to become worth a billion dollars?
Because I don't think that things become worth a billion dollars very often by chance.
It takes a
a confluence of government and non-government interests in order for something to become this big.
It's just, I believe that wholeheartedly.
Otherwise, the idea of having really good school lunches that all the kids in American schools want to eat wouldn't be a crazy one.
You know, and it would catch fire and go places because you know, that's how good ideas work.
But there is no actual impetus in the system for that to happen.
Therefore it doesn't happen.
Whereas for some reason there was an impetus in the system for this to become a multi-billion dollar industry.
for 375 million dollars.
Your media rights deal basically doubled.
Is fighter pay going to increase proportionally?
I can't sit here right now and tell you, you know, it's double, it's one and a half, it's triple, but fighter pay is
It's gonna be good.
Do you pay fighters a fair wage?
Absolutely.
People don't know how much a lot of these guys make.
If you want to know what LeBron James makes, it's two keystrokes away.
We're different in a lot of ways.
We're different than most major sports.
And this is the only sport where the athletes get to say whatever they want.
Wow!
So 60 Minutes is promoting the UFC as the only sport with free speech.
I have no response.
Stop lying.
I don't know why that thing will play through all of the tracks at some point.
It's just like a goofy little cheap thing.
I might have to fix that.
I have this de-juiced Serato Hercules kind of toy DJ thing that I don't think any serious DJ would consider this equipment.
Um, and so sometimes it just doesn't work perfect.
And I,
I hit the buzzer, but then it'll play through the whole soundtrack anyway.
Sorry about that.
Another difference.
In most sports, offensive speech by athletes can result in suspension.
Not so the UFC.
We don't have to agree with it.
We don't have to like it.
That's very simple if all of your broadcasts are rated for adults only because of the violence and blood, right?
That's a pretty simple thing, whereas if you're on network television and you're supposed to be on network television when families are watching, there's like a restriction on that.
So it's an interesting way of portraying them as, you know, they're the leaders of free speech or something like that.
They're making the choice to do it.
I mean, I don't know.
So is there anything a fighter can say, tweet, do?
that you say, you know... Is there a lot of betting on these matches?
What a great question, Catherine.
Of course there is.
You know what?
There got to be consequences.
I'm a big believer in free speech, and unfortunately, probably the most important speech to protect is hate speech.
You're not a fan of cancel culture.
No, I hate it.
On both sides.
It's like all the stuff that's going on with Charlie right now.
You know, these people are going out and saying stuff, and you're seeing people getting fired or kicked out of school.
You don't think they should be fired?
I think you're a disgusting human being if you're celebrating the death of another human being.
But people make mistakes, and people are going to do dumb things.
I don't like trying to destroy people's lives.
over doing something dumb.
So we're going to be here on the White House lawn.
Top of mind for White, a fight card next summer.
So the fighters will walk out of the Oval Office to come to the Octagon.
The same man who once... I mean, it's almost like the penultimate
sort of act you know right before the entire system collapses right before everything is revealed to have been a shit show for the last 25 years they have this next summer i mean it's
It's scripted terrifying is what it is in my imagination.
Offered white a casino for staging the UFC now has offered his backyard.
What can you tell me about the card?
Everybody wants to fight on the card.
There's going to be a fight on the South Lawn of the White House way ends at the Lincoln Memorial.
I still can't believe I'm saying those words.
Even an optimist like you... I can't believe I'm hearing them.
Inspiring the awe... This will hardly mark White's first trip to the halls of power.
At President Trump's inauguration, he got the equivalent of a cage-side seat.
What do you say to the fans who say, I feel like the UFC is taken aside?
And that's just because, why?
Because he's rich?
Because they all like UFC?
because they like to eat at that casino's restaurant?
How can you explain him being there unless you, again, recall what they said at the very beginning of the show, he's on the board of META, one of the military social control programs of the military social program suite that we have come accustomed to calling social media, which is exactly the opposite.
That's why he's sitting there.
Not because of UFC's fantastic success.
You need to see the fantastic success of part of the reason why he's on Meadows' board and why he's sitting there.
It's manufactured.
I am an American citizen.
Biden was my president.
Trump is my president.
I was at the inauguration.
And I was sitting behind all the ex-presidents.
And there was this stuff going around like, Dana's mad dogging President Obama.
President Obama turned around, the only president that did, and shook my hand and said, congratulations on all your success.
And I said, thank you very much, Mr. President.
People wondered what you guys were talking about.
That's what happened.
I've never talked about that publicly.
And maybe the other thing that he did was press his thumb on his knuckle to make sure that he understood that they're all in the same club.
Or maybe he did something else, which he didn't reveal here, so that they know that they're all in the same club.
It's something like that, ladies and gentlemen.
It's something very terrifying and right in front of your face, most of the time on 60 Minutes.
If President Obama called and said, hey, I'd like to come see a fight, we'd be like, yeah, buy some tickets and good luck here, whatever.
No, the sitting president or an ex-president of the United States wants to come to your event, you treat them with respect.
Meanwhile, White's tent is expanding.
Two weeks ago, he promoted championship boxing under the UFC umbrella.
almost 71,000 people, and it was the third biggest fight ever in the history of boxing.
You're saying it went well?
It didn't suck.
Enjoy yourself tonight and have a good time.
Thank you.
After a big fight weekend, most execs might give their staff a pat on the back.
Relax, drink, and smoke some cigars.
Have a good night.
Now, understand, one of the things that these people create are believers, you know?
Like, if you are enchanted by him because he's a real guy,
And he has had success, but I'm suggesting that the success is on a galactic proportion by design.
Nobody is making $4 billion deals by accident.
Nobody is selling a franchise for $150 million because they tweeted the wrong thing.
That is by design.
That is by orchestrated design, where people are ready to go, where groups of people are ready to go, and then something happens, and then they agree that, oh, we're gonna all just tell the same story, that, I don't know, I just saw a bargain and I bought it.
I just tweeted this, and then everybody got mad, and so I sold it.
It's just that kind of bullshit.
You know, I bought it for $6 billion because I wanted to restore free speech to the virtual town square.
I just wanted to have a bookstore that everybody got the books right at their house and now I own Amazon.
It's all bullshit.
These people are on a bullshit script because they know they could never be where they are without the help of the national security state.
Understand that.
That that.
Absolutely foundational truth.
These people understand that they would not be where they are if it wasn't for the help of the national security state.
At some point in time, they stopped asking questions about how am I getting so freaking lucky?
The bluntest instrument in all sports through his staff a weeknight bash.
We asked around about you.
One word came up again and again.
You know what it was?
Loyal.
Boom.
Yeah.
Got some detractors, too.
You want to guess this one?
What?
Bully.
Bully?
Yeah, that makes sense.
You don't seem so bothered by that.
Yeah, I love it.
Listen, if you want to be my friend, I'm the best friend you'll ever have.
You want to be my enemy?
I'm really good at being that, too.
What a season premiere for 60 Minutes.
Right?
What a season premiere.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Intramuscular ejection is dumb, RNA cannot pandemic, transfection is a crime, and autism is a myth.
I'm part of a small movement called the Independent Bright Web.
This is Rocktober on the Independent Bright Web.
We're gonna do a little rockin' later on.
And hopefully we're going to rock the whole month.
Get off social media.
This is a warning for you and your kids.
You gotta get off.
These myths are only possible, these movements are only possible through the use of social media.
Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for being here.
Thanks for your support.
I got a lot of shoutouts today that I can't really all list them all.
Joe Marshall and Stephanie Marshall gave this month and I can't thank them enough because Joe is doing fantastic work as well and puts a lot of time into what he does on Rumble and the Liberty perspective and so a big shout out to them.
Thank you very much for
You know, the last time he donated to the stream, he actually sent bushmeat.
So I do appreciate the fact that although we do like bushmeat, this one was a little better.
Ladies and gentlemen, why the cheese is free on social media is the question of the day.
And the way out is the biology.
Answer is all tied on basic.
Um, the Antwoord, Antwoord, Antwoord, the Antwoord is all tied on VASIC, so it's something you're gonna hear a little later.
Um, and it's, it's, the answer is always available.
Um...
It's one big cast.
They all trust the script.
And if we want to make America real again, we need an independent bright web, a bunch of people that are just not employed to disseminate a narrative, not confused, but actually clear with clarity, can say things like autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make intramuscular injection.
make sure intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, to make sure virology is never questioned as a science, to make sure public health is never questioned as a reason.
And they've done the same thing with pandemics and gain-of-function.
And they will continue to do so until you stop using social media to learn biology and start coming to GigaOM Biological, start relearning the history of these mentors on Housatonic Live.
Once you see that these ideas aren't, you know,
proven truths, but are actually just assumptions that students of students have been following, you will see it for what it is.
And I'm really excited.
I'm really, really excited because I think we're making more progress than we've ever made before because we've got the right message.
We're trying to show our children the truth.
We're trying to teach our children why the cheese is free on social media.
Because the truth isn't available there.
That's the reality of it.
Social media is a military social control software suite.
And if you stay focused on that truth, America, we can pull our heads out.
If you stay focused on that truth, you can see past Trump and the Democrats and the show that's being played, the game, the long con.
But you got to stay focused and you can't take the bait that's on social media.
You just can't.
I'm one of the few people in America that can explain to you in detail, for hours, why Robert Malone, Kevin McKernan, Meryl Nass, Brian Hooker, Mary Holland, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Jay Bhattacharya are all scripted actors.
And I would be happy to do it, it just doesn't seem like any...
any publications are interested in that, so I do this, and I write it down, and hopefully the book will be done soon.
There's actually two books in preparation right now, one for high school seniors, a letter to the children of Earth, and then also a more grown-up Biology 101, but a new one.
And as we seek the truth over the last six years, it's been pretty easy for me to formulate that over time.
Taken a lot of notes.
This stuff doesn't exist anywhere on... It doesn't exist anywhere on electronic medium.
None of these... None of these notebooks are anywhere on the internet.
So as slow and time-consuming as it is, it is impossible that anyone is going to steal any of the really good ideas I have because I haven't shared them with anybody yet.
A lot of those ideas have only been explained to my wife while we're on the dog walk not carrying phones.
And any of the ideas that have been explained, that they've been recorded, they definitely know that there's more to come.
So, I'm not talking smack here.
I'm just finally coming into my stride after six years.
And after six years of being repeatedly kicked out of moving trucks.
I feel like I can finally tell you without a doubt that social media is a military operation.
It's an elaborate theater and you can't change their script.
And in fact, they can't change their script because they don't have the expertise to know what they're talking about when they're the science officer on Star Trek or when they're the captain on the Star Trek Enterprise.
They don't know
And that's how you need to see Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
That's even how you need to see Donald Trump.
They're just very good improvisers.
They've given a script and they're very good at improvising within it.
And they've been improvising within that script for so long because they've been scripted actors for so long.
This time scale of six or seven years, it doesn't work, okay?
That timescale is irrelevant.
It does not work.
This timescale is too short.
It's okay for trying to understand what happened with regard to
the pandemic, but it is absolutely inadequate to understand what happened with regard to the health freedom movement with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's rise to prominence and the rise to prominence of those scripted actors who were scripted to oppose him for the last decade and scripted to make no intellectual progress on the argument.
That's the primary reason why I know, for example, that the story here on the screen about elite pedophiles that released a gain-of-function research generated virus in order to, I don't know, kill people or give everybody flying aids is most certainly incorrect.
Of course, the Mother Nature virus and the humans are a plague and Trump is everything wrong with the world is also
Incorrect.
The only real answer to this is that this is for all the marbles that they've seen this coming and the people that believe that, you know, the vast majority of people simply aren't smart enough to govern themselves, deserve to be governed, are motivated by ideas that stem all the way back to the Manhattan Project when we thought we were gonna crack the code of life within a decade.
And did that happen?
No, it did not.
That's the reason why Elon, Jeff, Peter, Alex, Mark, Bobby and Donnie are so ridiculous.
We don't have a bunch of titans of technocracy in front of us.
We have a bunch of clowns.
And they are proof to our rulers, the real people in charge of the weaponized piles of money that run our world.
It's proof to our rulers that we are incapable
of getting out of the intellectual trap that is social media, i.e.
a military social control program suite.
I think it's right.
I think it's absolutely right.
And so this bad biology evolution because DNA must be unlearned.
I would really encourage you to download the PeerTube app because it's working like hell and we're on the way towards setting up a new PeerTube instance for Mark so that we can have two platforms working
independently, but promoting one another in a very obviously independent way.
Chief Wuhan says that the the PeerTube is the antidote to the internet, and I'm very excited about that.
We've also been able to succinctly say these words better than anybody else.
I'm just going to leave them up on the screen for a second.
I have no responsibility.
And then I'll move on.
Stop lying!
And yeah,
I think this is fifth generation warfare.
I think you can see it in the way that they are using this fire hose of information to overwhelm us.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You definitely can.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
And so again, I would encourage you to understand that this is a long script.
And so a lot of these people have been working together behind the scenes for a long time just as script readers.
And so they don't need to care anymore.
They know that they are on stage.
And so that's why they just read the script that they are given.
And that script has never included
That's never included murder and lies.
It's never included talking about the brief two and a half year period where we just seem to forget how to treat pneumonia.
The two and a half to five year period where we just didn't do shit about people dying from opioids on the street.
These illusions
were created on purpose by a army of theater people on social media that transitioned seamlessly to it.
Podcast actors.
And they create a notion that real things are happening there, but there's nothing happening there other than a theater.
It's a Lollapalooza of liars.
That's why this line is in level.
That's why in the population pyramid that any actuary involved in this could have shown you, it's very clear that there's a signal coming.
Just watch the top of the pyramid and you will see that it doesn't move.
Pyramid's not moving.
Do you see that?
It's not moving.
The top of the pyramid doesn't move at all because it's stable over many decades, but they saw this coming.
Now the pyramid's starting to move.
See the pyramid starting to move.
Oh, now the top lines are starting to move just around the time when they anticipated the pandemic.
Watch it again.
The top of the pyramid.
Is it moving right now?
when I was in high school?
What about when I was in college?
What about after I graduated from college?
What about when I was working as a teacher?
What about when I moved to the Netherlands?
What about after I met my wife?
What about when we moved to Norway?
Is it moving yet?
Do you see it?
The top of the pyramid doesn't start moving until around 2015.
It doesn't start really expanding and doubling until around 2020.
It was a signal that they saw coming.
And so it is very significant that these ridiculous organizations full of ridiculous actors that have not made any intellectual progress in more than a decade were formed around the time that the population pyramid bump was starting to manifest itself in real numbers and have real consequences.
2017 was when at Georgetown University, Tony Fauci said that there would definitely be a pandemic challenge in the Trump administration.
This is all one malevolent show.
It is a military operation
that spans decades that has priorities that supersede free election that supersede free election that's why donald trump is not a real man making real decisions but an actor following a descript that's the reason why robert f kennedy jr is not a real man
who's been acting for decades to try and save the kids and praying for 30 minutes every day for 20 years until finally God answered his prayers with Donald Trump.
Stop lying!
It's not true.
Howard Luddick, great.
Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
CMS Administrator.
Mehmet Oz, Medicare Administrator.
Chris Klomp and the FDA Commissioner, Marnie McCary.
And I just want to thank them.
Well, they've been working hard on many, many things.
I think this is one of the biggest medical announcements that this office has ever made, because we're talking about price reductions, as you'll see in a couple of minutes, that are incredible.
For many years, Americans have paid the highest prices anywhere in the world for
prescription drugs.
They paid far more.
Ten times, 13 times, 15 times more.
And so here we go, this is the script, right?
We're now going to make some kind of deal, $70 billion for Pfizer to make more mRNA stuff.
Plus we're making some kind of deal where a lot of the drugs that Pfizer makes and other companies make that sell to Medicare are gonna be cheaper.
And so the cuts to Medicaid and Medicare aren't gonna matter because the drug prices are gonna come down.
And I was the only one who was ever able to do it.
And you watch very carefully because the head of Pfizer is standing right next to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And when they greet one another and shake hands and do whatever, it's not antagonistic.
It's not, it's not, it's not, it's not, it's, it's... What you hear, what you see here is not courage.
And you'll hear it and it's painful.
Then other countries for the exact same product.
A major reason is that the American consumers have been subsidizing research and development costs for the entire planet.
They put all of that on us, and yet they were the beneficiaries, too.
So it's being changed as of today.
The United States had just 4 percent of the world's population in consumers.
Only 13 percent of all prescription drugs yet pharmaceutical companies make 75 percent of their profits from the United States.
So think of that.
We have 4 percent of the market.
13% of prescription drugs, and yet, Albert, I didn't know you were that violent.
I'm surprised you're agreeing to this.
I'm getting better.
No, he's doing the right thing.
Thank you.
And yet they make 75% of their profits from the American...
So the head of CMS over here, this guy used to be in the Turkish military.
He's a Turkish citizen.
This guy over here is Robert F. Kennedy Jr., former heroin addict and placer of dead bear and bike in Central Park as a joke dude.
known testosterone user and muscle head.
And then of course, Marty McCary is there, who is a Egyptian origin and UK citizen.
And so there's a lot of weird, you know, Donald Trump, make America great again, has a lot of foreigners in his cabinet, which is interesting, or behind him, which is really interesting.
customers something.
That's why I signed an executive order combating this practice, and we signed it very happily a little while ago.
Today, Pfizer is committing, as will other drug companies as we go through the weeks, but Pfizer is truly one of the biggest in the world and one of the greatest in the world.
Today, Pfizer is committing to offer all of their prescription medications to Medicaid.
It will be at the most favored nation's prices.
It's going to have a huge impact on bringing Medicaid costs down like nothing else.
I told you that in my first term, I was so proud of the fact that for the first time in 28 years, drug prices came down.
And I had a news conference that explained it was one-tenth of 1%.
But it was that.
Make no mistake about it, Bobby never looks healthy or well.
He never does.
I mean, never.
Even when you see him in the pictures with me where he's smiling, he doesn't look well.
That's why they need him to have his shirt off and swing from chains or do push-ups because his face doesn't sell it.
This is a critical step forward to our work and to improve healthcare and hardworking low-income Americans, especially low-income Americans, will be helped so greatly.
In addition, Pfizer has agreed to provide some of their most popular current medications to all consumers at heavily discounted prices of anywhere between 50 and even 100 percent.
And that's off, that's off the price.
And in some cases, even more than that, these drugs will be available for direct purchase online at a website operated by the federal government.
We're also announcing that moving forward, all new medications introduced by Pfizer to the American market will be sold at the reduced most favored nation costs.
So we'll be paying essentially what other countries are paying.
the Turkish former Turkish soldier is nodding um on cue behind him it's really just it's it's absurd who have been uh
much lower much much lower for many many years furthermore Pfizer will invest 70 billion dollars to reshore domestic manufacturing facilities in other words they're gonna bring a lot of their uh facilities to make their drugs and make what they make the product look at oh sorry oh my gosh look at this clown look at this clown over here oh my gosh you gotta be kidding me
Oh my gosh, that is just a joke.
It's just a joke.
It's really just a joke.
Howard Ludnick, great.
Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., CMS Administrator.
Mehmet Oz, Medicare Administrator.
Chris, it is that the American consumers have 13% of prescription drugs.
Truly one of the biggest in the world and one of the greatest in the world.
Today, Pfizer is committing to offer all of their prescription medic- Uh, what?
Sorry about that.
This should be okay.
Medications to Medicaid, and it will be at the most favored nation's prices.
It's going to have a huge impact on bringing Medicaid costs down like nothing else.
I told you that in my first term, I was so proud of the fact that, for the first time in 28 years, drug prices came down.
And I had a news conference that I explained it was one-tenth of 1 percent, but it was down.
And here we're talking about
In one case, over 1,000 percent.
This is a critical step forward to our work and to improve health care in hardworking, low-income Americans, especially low-income Americans, who will be helped so greatly.
In addition, Pfizer has agreed to provide some of their most popular current medications to all consumers at heavily discounted prices of anywhere between 50 and even 100 percent.
And that's off.
That's off the price.
And in some cases, even more than that, these drugs will be available for direct purchase online at a website operated by the federal government.
We're also announcing that, moving forward, all new medications introduced by Pfizer to the American market will be sold at the reduced most-favored-nation cost.
So we're paying essentially what other countries are paying.
The Press Sorry, it took me so long to get it back to the spot.
I didn't want it to goof up, so I shouldn't have.
The President Much lower.
Much, much lower for many, many years.
Furthermore, Pfizer will invest $70 billion to reshore domestic manufacturing facilities.
In other words, they're going to bring a lot of their facilities to make their drugs and make what they make their product.
They're going to make it in the United States.
I appreciate that $70 billion investment and fund research and development right here in America.
We're working with other major pharmaceutical companies to secure similar.
I mean, look at Marty standing there.
Can I be so bold as to say he looks like he has hips?
I mean.
It's kind of a goofy profile there.
I don't want to be, you know, but since this is the man show.
Agreements, everyone understands that the status quo where Americans pay more for drugs, prescription drugs, and they pay more than foreign countries who take advantage of us in many other ways, although not so many anymore.
What is he staring at?
We pretty well got that stopped, right?
I think so.
We've stopped that, but they took advantage of a lot of other presidents that I can tell you.
We're making this pay to be very unacceptable, what they've done in the past.
That's why my administration is also taking a sort of... It's almost like you really can see it.
It's a developed schtick.
The right word is shtick.
He has perfected this.
He has a script in front of him and he's improvising through the script and he's really good at it.
That's why they have that clip that Jimmy Kimmel used where don't take Tylenol, don't give the baby Tylenol, don't take it, just don't take it, don't take Tylenol, don't take Tylenol, don't give the baby Tylenol.
That's why they have it because that's his shtick.
He's very, very good at it.
And the people who believe it see somebody improvising and thinking on the fly, and a smart guy who never reads a script.
And the people who can see through it, the gigolo and biological, can see just an improvisational actor at his finest.
action to investigate the unfair and discriminatory trade practices of other countries that extort our pharmaceutical makers to shift costs onto the American consumer.
They say, no, give us a price, a very low price, and just charge the American consumer, charge it to the U.S.
The United States is done subsidizing the health care of the rest of the world.
It's a big thing.
I can't tell you how big this is.
I was all set to go on a first term, but then you had the COVID and we had to focus on that.
But I said, I want to get back here.
So because this is you're talking about 14, 15, 1600 percent reductions in some cases.
But by taking this bold step, we're ending the era of global price gouging at the expense of American families, and we're making America healthy again, which is our little theme for the people behind me.
And I want to just ask Secretary Kennedy to come up, and we'll start, and we'll go through it with Oz and Klopp and Borla and McCary.
And we'll go through it, and if you have any questions.
But this is a really big announcement.
This is something that most people said was not doable.
And other countries are going along because we told them that... Don't forget, from this actor's perspective, they've already solved the autism epidemic.
They already announced the cure.
In fact, remember that Donald Trump, at the crowd of the Charlie Kirk Memorial, announced that the following day we're going to be announcing the cure or the cause of autism.
Stay tuned.
And then they did, and now we're here.
And it's as if nothing ever happened because it's just a script.
It's just a script, just like Marty McCary doing a podcast, the FDA podcast with Vinay Prasad and talking about the farmer's market that they have.
It's all one malevolent shit show.
Don't go along.
You know, they didn't have to go along.
But if they didn't go along, we were going to put extra tariffs on those countries, and we were going to charge them the amount of money that they should be paying for the reduction in costs.
So I think we had a pretty good negotiating position.
So, Bobby, I'd like you to speak about this.
And what a great job.
And thank you very much.
By thanking a couple of people who aren't up here, Theo Merkel, Dr. Heidi Overton, who played key roles in this negotiation and helped make this happen, and also Inma Hernandez, who's not up here, but John Brooke and Chris Klomp, who were
people who are negotiating, in some case, I think including last night, 24 hours without any sleep.
This would not have happened without President Trump's leadership.
I told my son last, we're all under secrecy about this, but I told my son late last night, my 27 year old son, Conor, who's a very liberal Democrat.
Is Conor the one that went to the Ukraine to be a machine gunner for a while?
Ask yourself that question, because when he was running for president, he told everybody that Conor, without permission, went to the Ukraine and volunteered to be a machine gunner.
Please do not forget that, because that is a very, very significant... Of course they're under secrecy, because of course there could be all kinds of stock trades made and stuff.
I told him this was happening and he just paused for a minute and he said, thank you, dad.
I'm so proud of you.
Because this is something Democrats have wanted for 20 years.
Republicans have wanted for 20 years.
Everybody said they were going to do it.
Nobody has even taken a step towards doing it.
And the reason was because it was such a daunting task.
And, you know, even all the negotiators, you see, you also want to thank Howard Lutton.
I mean, you might also make the argument that it's because God didn't want it yet.
He'd been praying for this for, like, 20 years.
Sherry Tenpenny's been praying for it for, like, 20 years.
But God only answered their prayers this year.
Maybe it was just God's will.
You could also spin it that way, right?
This would not have happened without him.
But even all of the negotiators here and all the people at HHS and at the White House team, all we could see was all the reasons that this couldn't happen.
Everybody had tried.
Nobody could make it happen.
And it was President Trump alone who, with his doggedness, his persistence, he saw this clearly in a way that none of us either, in its most simplest terms, why are we spending more on this country than any other country?
Why are we spending 75% of the revenues?
So maybe that's the reason, you know, no one else could figure it out but Donald Trump.
just like none of these jackasses are ever able to get to the point to just say you know it's funny because in America we give our kids a lot more vaccines and the CDC recommends a lot more vaccines than are on a lot of other schedules in the western world the most advanced countries in the world like Denmark and Norway are not giving as many shots as us and that simple fact could be leveraged to point out that there's something wrong with the American vaccine schedule something inherently wrong with it
And it might just be greed.
It might just be, you know, these innocent human motivations.
I don't know, but it could have been said a long time ago, but they don't do it.
Steve Kirsch is happy to say that the Amish don't have any autism, but Steve Kirsch is so ridiculously scripted that he's never been able to get there.
Robert Kennedy's never been able to get there.
Brian Hooker's never been able to get there.
Meryl Nass has never been able to get there.
Mary Holland has never been able to get there.
It's just a big top tent above health freedom that's against mandates.
and can't seem to figure out that one of the best trump cards you could play is that the rest of the freaking world does not have a vaccine schedule as ridiculous and as early and as often as the united states of freaking america but he's happy to tell you that they pay for more and pay cheaper drug prices over there and it's been there for a long time but only donald trump could figure out the solution by summarizing it so simply
come to the pharmaceutical industry.
We're doing all the research and everybody else is riding on our slipstream.
And president Trump, um, I would say harangued.
And even if that's true for the people that still believe Donald Trump is an independent actor, it's scripted.
Even if that's true, this is a low-hanging fruit that is scripted for now.
That's all.
And if this guy's too unsophisticated to understand it, I guess that's possible, then he's really an idiot.
But I don't think it's that simple.
I think it's much worse.
These people understand there are many curtains behind which things are happening that they're not supposed to ask questions about because they are part of a governance infrastructure.
They are part of a ruling theater.
They are employed in real life to play a character.
They are our Truman Show.
They are, do you hear it?
They are, what the hell?
Oh, I don't have that up.
They are, they are, there it is.
They are our Truman Show.
The podcast actors are our Truman Show.
These people are the actors that form our Truman Show.
Understand it, because America's trapped in a very bad movie.
and harassed us to make this happen.
I was getting calls at 11.30, 12 o'clock at night.
Oh, are you asleep?
And you've got to get MFN done.
And at one point, Dr. Oz told me, I can't take the president's calls anymore.
I have a lot of reasons.
My wife has a lot of reasons.
Say to me about different things that happen in my life and doesn't that make give you anxiety and I say I don't get anxiety Is it possible that Donald Trump was calling them?
Absolutely.
It is Is it possible that Donald Trump works really hard and doesn't sleep and can have lots of meetings?
It is.
I'm sure it is It doesn't make him any less scripted.
It makes him even more likely to be scripted.
It even means more likely the smarter he is
the more likely he is an actor.
Why is that the truth?
Because the highest form of intelligence is the ability to deceive, like it or not.
It takes the most amount of intelligence because you need to be able to effectively put yourself in the position and put yourself into the perspective of the people to which you are lying.
And the longer you want to sustain the lie, the more complicated or powerful the lie is, the more intelligent you need to be to cast the spell and sustain it.
So do never, ever mistake me for saying that these people are dumb.
I just want you to see that what they are scripted to say belies them as national security actors.
It reveals the truth.
This gave me anxiety.
Oh, thank you, President Trump.
It would not have happened without you.
This is real leadership.
It's somebody, a president who has a vision and makes that vision happen.
So the president has a vision and he makes that happen and the other half of the country believes that he has a vision of destroying America and he's making that happen.
It's an enchantment.
It's one malevolent military social control operation.
America is being undermined by actors that have agreed to sell out our grandchildren.
And I can't think of any other president of the United States who could have done this in our history.
I'm very grateful to you.
This is an extraordinary benefit.
The American people thank you for your vision, President Trump.
Your bold action, your unwavering commitment to health and well-being of the American people.
Never has a president stood up so bravely for the American people with respect to healthcare.
Okay, I'm just gonna stop it right here because I think I can just, I'm gonna do something else here.
Just look, okay, just look.
Just, what did he just say?
What is he saying about Donald Trump?
By the way, I forgot to thank Albert Burwell.
Albert and I have had a long history of antipathy and antagonism toward each other.
But I have to say, his leadership in this took tremendous courage.
And he really created a template.
President Trump, it would not have happened without you.
This is real leadership.
It's somebody, a president who has a vision and makes that vision happen.
And I can't think of any other president of the United States who could have done this in our history.
I'm very grateful to you.
This is an extraordinary benefit.
The American people, thank you for your vision, President Trump.
your bold action your unwavering commitment to health and well-being of the American people never has a president set up so bravely for the American people with respect to health care.
And I, by the way, I forgot to thank Albert Burleigh.
Albert and I have had a long history of antipathy and antagonism toward each other.
But I have to say his leadership in this took tremendous courage.
And he really created a template for corporate responsibility.
Now, do you want me to prove to you why he's a liar?
He's gotta be a liar because of what he said about Donald Trump, because of what he said about Albert.
So he says a little bit about Donnie, he says a little bit about Albert, and I can prove to you that he's a liar by showing you what he said about me.
And so I'm very willing to accept the fact that he's a liar and very willing to accept the fact that he lies on a script because I have evidence for it.
I have evidence right here.
Listen to what he said about me.
He introduced
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent
that we have each one of you is going to get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of DRASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of what we call gain-of-function science.
He's a fraud.
He's very clearly a fraud, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm going to go to the gym.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'm very excited that this week is finally here, that the beginning of October is here.
Because Rocktober means it is time for basketball.
And so very quickly, basketball season is about to start.
I'm very excited about it.
My kids are very excited about it.
There's lots of stuff going on right now that makes me very, very excited.
So, I'm just going to kind of improvise through the end here and not do everything as fancy as I always do all the time.
Intramuscular injection, of course, is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Nice sandwich here to get to the gym.
October 2025 is Rocktober on the intellectual dark, the independent bright web.
And that means we're going to be here very often in Rocktober.
I don't know if it's going to be twice a day all the time, but there's going to be a few days or it'll be twice a day.
And there might be every day.
I don't know.
We'll see how we do with Rocktober.
I don't want to make any promises that I can't keep, but I can tell you that that PeerTube app works pretty damn well.
And I can tell you that I'm very happy to be here.
I'm very proud of the place that we are Thank you very much for all of your support.
Shout out to Joe and Stephanie shout out to Jeff and Kara shout out to William and to Stefan and to Maurice and all the people that are Really?
I mean you're making it happen.
This is the first time where we've had rent I
ready to go at the end of the month in a while.
It has been actually terrifying over the last couple months because we haven't had rent until like the fourth.
And so I cannot thank you enough for your faith in what we're doing.
I hope that you will keep following and sharing and supporting because there's so much good stuff to come.
It's hard to really say it all in one breath.
Thanks for being here.
See you soon.